this week at interior 1 million dollars
in additional funding announced this
week for the San Diego National Wildlife
Refuge complex San Diego took the top
spot in a nationwide competition
launched in march help engage new and
diverse youth in the great outdoors we
note that we have an opportunity in a
place like this to have a connection
where kids don't have to go far they can
come just really across the street from
some of their schools and be right in a
Wildlife Refuge people that are going to
care about the outdoors people that are
going to look for careers in the
outdoors people that are going to become
active citizens who are concerned about
the planet in the future secretary
Jewell says helping kids feel welcome on
public lands at a young age can spark a
passion to be good stewards of nature
that will last a lifetime as wildfire
season and an epic drought continued in
the Golden State the Secretary stopped
in Redding California to meet with
members of the interagency fire
leadership team she also met with
employees of the Bureau of Land
Management the National Park Service the
Bureau of Reclamation the u.s. Forest
Service and Cal Fire nearly a dozen
significant wildfires are now blazing in
California currently under a state of
emergency the secretary praised the
firefighters coordination and
professionalism she also reiterated her
support for the president's budget
proposal which she says provides better
flexibility during peak fire season
without adding to the deficit or forcing
cutbacks and other programs like forest
and rangeland restoration the Bureau of
Ocean Energy Management this week
announced that three areas off the coast
of North Carolina have been defined for
potential commercial wind energy
development together the site's total
more than 300,000 acres it's all part of
the presidents Climate Action Plan to
create American jobs develop domestic
clean energy sources and cut carbon
pollution the potential sites off the
North Carolina coast join a growing list
of sites already in wind energy
development phases from New England to
the mid-atlantic the secretary this week
also joined energy secretary Ernest
Moniz in Santa Fe New Mexico to receive
stakeholder input to the quadrennial
energy review an administration-wide
effort to make recommend
dations regarding key infrastructure
needed for transmission storage and
distribution of energy the Santa Fe
meeting examined state local and tribal
energy issues an interior has a new
chief information officer this week with
a selection of Sylvia burns burns had
been acting cio since march of this year
that's this week at interior